Scotland here in the pine forests of the
Highlands fights between males are among
the most violent of all the Kappa
Kayleigh is the biggest of grass the
arenas on which the male's display are
vigorously contested and the best in the
end is claimed by the most powerful male
who will defend it against any intruder
he is so charged up this being the
breathing season that he'll display
almost anything including me no dahhh no
dahhh
but here's a really serious rival he is
being very reckless indeed birds can get
very badly injured in battles like these
and even died from their wounds but the
rewards they're fighting for are very
clear this is the most important moment
of their year the females tour the
dueling grounds to select the Baniyas
fighter of them all
and they seem to agree on who the
champion is runners-up are almost
universally rejected by the females
while the winner attracts almost more
mates than he can deal with